Website :
User/tradies Home: :
● Users can install the application by clicking on the Apple Store or Play Store buttons.
● User can see or search the jobs with location .
● In this page , employer site button is shown . By click on the employer site button it
redirect on the employers (company ) page.
Employer site Home :
● Users can install the application by clicking on the Apple Store or Play Store buttons.
● From the top-right buttons, users can log in or register as a Company or Subuser.
● Users can explore the available monthly and yearly subscription plans. .
● If user want to buy the subscription then click on the choose plan button it will redirect
on the login page (If user is not register ,they need register firstly) .
● If the company user is already logged in, clicking the Choose Plan button redirects them
to the Dashboard
About :
This page provides information about Tradehook.
Services :
This page provides Services information about Tradhook like mobile , web (Mobile for tradies
/web for company).
Contact :
For any queries or questions related to Tradehook, users can submit a form with the following
details:
Mandatory: First Name, Last Name, Email, Subject, and Message
Optional: Phone number
User Types & Workflows
Tradehook supports four types of users:
1. Company
2. Subuser
3. Admin
4. Tradies
Flow for Company Users within the Web panel:
Register as Company:
● Users must fill in all mandatory company details: First Name, Last Name, Email, Phone,
Address, and ABN/ACN.
● After submitting, a verification email is sent to set up a password.
● Once the password is set, the user is redirected to the Login page.
Login as Company:
● For login , company users need to input a registered email address and password .
● Upon successful login, they are directed to the Dashboard. .
Forgot password :
● Click the Forgot Password link on the login page.
● Enter the registered email and click the Reset button.
● A reset email is sent, and once the password is reset, the user is redirected to the Login
page.
 Feedback Popup:
● The feedback popup will appear days after(according to the admin panel setting section)
for users as per their registration date. Also, it will be shown next 3 days as well
according to the set days if users do not save the feedback, after that popup will
disappear without consideration of the user submitting any feedback or not.
● Once a company submits feedback:
○ The feedback is saved.
○ The popup will no longer appear for that user.
● If the company has not submitted feedback:
○ The feedback popup will appear when company user login again.
Dashboard :
In the dashboard , show the total number of jobs , number of ongoing jobs , number of
upcoming jobs , number of completed jobs and number of endorsement posts .
Dashboard displays ongoing jobs , upcoming job , complete jobs and Job status graph .
At the top right corner, two buttons are displayed: New Jobs and Jobs. Clicking on the New Jobs
button redirects the user to the Create Job page, while clicking the Jobs button redirects to the
Job Posted page..
Options in Dashboard :
● Search Bar: Search across all company-related content.
● Notifications: Displays all notifications relevant to the company.
● Messages: Shows chat history with all users
Profile icon: Reveals 3 options:
● My Profile → Redirects to the Profile page
● Need Help? → Redirects to the Contact Us page
● Sign Out → Logs out the company user .
Left Side Menu: Tapping on the menu icon reveals a navigation panel on the left side of the top
bar. The following options are available to Company users:
Dashboard: Redirects the user to the main dashboard screen.
Post New Job: Opens the job creation page.
Jobs: Navigates to the Jobs screen to view and manage posted jobs.
Endorsement Posts: Redirects to the Endorsement Posts screen.
Sub User: Navigates to the Sub User management page.
Subscription: Redirects to the Subscription Plans page.
Profile: Opens the user’s Profile screen.
Logout: Logs the Company user out of the application.
Messages: Opens the Messaging interface for communication.
Notifications: Displays the Notification screen with relevant alerts.
Post New Job:
When the user selects "Post New Job", they will be redirected to the Post New Job screen.
Mandatory fields include:
● Title,Skill Category,Experience Range,Number of Tradies,Status ,Company
Address,Job Address,Start Date,End Date,Payment Range
Optional fields include:
● Upload Picture and Additional Notes
From the Status field, the user can select either Approved or Draft:
● Jobs marked as Approved will appear under the New tab.
● Jobs marked as Draft will appear under the Draft tab.
A Preview button is available at the top-right corner, allowing the user to see how the job post
will be displayed before publishing.
Jobs :
Draft Jobs :
All jobs saved as drafts by the Company user will appear under the Draft tab.
Open Jobs :
• Lists all new posted jobs by company.
• On the click of the action view button ,the Company can see all details about that job .
• On clicking the location button , company users redirect on the google map . 
Job detail page in open jobs:
• Click on the tick, Company can hire that Tradie .
• Click on the reject icon , Company can reject that Tradie.
• Click on the message icon and it will start a direct chat with the Tradie.
• Click on the Tradie’s name to view their profile and shared posts. .
• Click on the report icon to flag the Tradie if necessary.
• Click on the star feedback ,the company can give the rating and feedback of the tradie .
Upcoming Jobs :
● A Company can also create a job on the same day, even if the number of required
employees is fewer than the number of hired Tradies.
● A Withdrawal button appears at the top-right corner of the job detail page.
● If a job is withdrawn less than 48 hours before the scheduled start time, the
Company's average rating will be reduced by half a star.
Job detail page in open jobs:
• Click on the reject icon , Company can reject that Tradie.
•Click on the message icon and it will start a direct chat with the Tradie.
• Click on name of any tradie , see their profile and posts .
• By click on an extended date , the company can extend the job for the tradie.
• Click on the report icon to flag the Tradie if necessary. .
• By click on star feedback ,the company can give the rating and feedback of the tradie .
Ongoing Jobs :
● This section displays a list of all jobs currently in progress, as posted by the
Company.
● A cron job runs on an hourly basis to monitor job activity. It checks for any job
whose start date is the current date.
● If at least one Tradie has been hired, the job is automatically moved to the
Ongoing tab.
● Additionally, if a Company (or Agency) creates a job scheduled for today and
successfully hires all required Tradies, that job is also transitioned to Ongoing
status automatically.
Job detail page in Ongoing jobs:
• Click on the reject icon , Company can reject that Tradie.
• Click on the message icon and it will start a direct chat with the Tradie .
• By clicking on the name of any tradie , the company can see their profile and posts .
• By clicking on an extended date, the company can extend the job for tradie.
• By clicking on the report icon to flag the Tradie if necessary. .
• By clicking on star feedback ,the company can give the rating and feedback of tradie .
Complete Jobs :
● This section displays a list of all jobs marked as Completed
● After 48 hours from the job’s end date, a “Complete Job” button becomes visible
at the top-right corner of the job detail page.
● If a Tradie has not marked the job as complete within this 48-hour window, the
Company has the authority to manually mark the job as Completed by clicking
the “Complete Job” button.
Job detail page in open jobs:
• Click on the reject icon, and the company can reject the tradie.
• Click on the flag icon , and the company can report the tradie with reason .
• Click on the star button , the company can give the rating and feedback of tradie .
• Click on the message icon , it will start a direct chat with the Tradie.
Endorsement post : Company users can view the list of posts shared by Tradies related to their
company profile. For each post, the Company has the following interaction options:
View Button: Click to see full post details including content and any attached media.
Like Button: Click to like and show appreciation for the post.
By clicking on the comment button , the company can write the comment on that post .
Subusers :
• A company can add sub users by providing the following details i.e. name, location,
company, Email address ,status,action.
• Under action, company can change their profile status from block to unblock and delete
the subuser.
• A Company is allowed to add up to five Sub Users in total.
• To add a new Sub User, click the “New Sub User” button and fill out the required
information to complete the addition..
Subscription :
Company users can view their current subscription status and have the option to renew an
existing plan.
If a user does not have an active subscription, they must first select a plan from the
available subscription list to access detailed information ( Subscription type, number of
job post limit for company to be able to post on platform) with option “ Choose plan
button ” to pay online to activate the subscription plan.
• Once payment is successfully processed, the Company user can begin posting jobs for
Tradies on the platform.
• Company users can buy a monthly or yearly plan after switching the “monthly button” 
or “yearly button “.
Every new Company user is automatically granted a 14-day free trial plan upon
registration.
Profile:
The Profile Page presents all key details related to both the Company and the associated
Company User.
At the right top , edit profile button admin can change first name , last name , email, mobile ,
profile picture , company name , about company , company address , facebook url , Instagram url
, linkedin url , company logo and password .
Notifications:
Shows a list of all notifications received related to the Company .
Message:
Shows a list of Chats or receives any message from a new user .
Flow for Admin within the Web panel:
Login as Admin:
For login as Admin you need to input email address and password .
Email Address:Dev.aprai@tapdigi.com
Password: apr_800#
After entering the details Admin can login and redirect on the Dashboard .
Dashboard :
In the Dashboard , shows number of registered tradies , Number of registered companies ,
number of jobs posted , number of skill categories , number of badges , total number of
subscription .
Dashboard display Registered companies ,Register tradies , Subscription Expired this month and
subscription this month graph .
At the right top New subscription plan and skill categories are shown .On the click of the new
subscription plan , it will redirect to the add subscription plan page and on click jobs button , it
redirects to the skill categories page .
Options in Dashboard :
Search : From the search bar ,users can search anything related to the admin .
Notifications: Displays a list of all notifications related to admin .
Message : Display all the chat with all users is shown .
Profile icon : Click on the profile icon 3 options are shown i.e My profile , Clear cache ,Need
help ? and sign out button .
● Click on the My profile and it redirects to the profile page .
● Click on clear cache, admin can clear cache of website .
● Click on need help? It redirect on the contact us page
● Click on the sign out company user logout from the screen .
Menu: Tapping on the menu icon reveals options on the left side of the top bar.
Admin will be shown the below mentioned menu options:
Dashboard: Redirect back to dashboard screen
Jobs: Navigates to jobs screen .
Companies: Redirect to Company page .
Subusers: Redirect to subusers screen.
Tradies: Redirect to tradies Screen.
Post over Wall: Redirect to Post over wall screen .
Subscription: There are 3 options is shown by click on the subscription:
● Plans: Navigates to plans screen .
● Add-on Plans: Navigates to Add-on page screen .
● Subscribers: Navigates to Subscribers page .
Skill Categories: Redirect to Skill categories screen.
Badges: Navigates to Badges page.
Feedback : Super admin will display all submitted feedback from companies and tradies.
Settings: There are 2 options is shown on by clock on thr settings ;
● General: redirect to web settings page .
● SMTP: redirect to smtp settings page .
Profile: Redirect to Profile page.
Logout: Admin logout from the screen .
Message : Open the Message screen .
Notifications: Open the Notification screen.
Jobs :
Draft Jobs :
All drafted Jobs show in the draft tab.
Open Jobs :
• List of new posted jobs by all companies.
• On clicking the action view button ,the Company can see all details about that job .
• On clicking the location button , company users redirect on the google map . 
Upcoming Jobs :
• Shows upcoming jobs with details and hired employees.
Ongoing Jobs :
• Lists ongoing jobs with details and hired employees.
Complete Jobs :
• Displays a list of all completed jobs by all Companies.
Companies :
● Displays a list of all registered companies with logo , name , location , created on
, hired employees, no. of jobs , rating ,actions.
● From action , the admin can change their profile status from block to unblock,
view all details and delete the company.
● Admin can filter the companies on the basis of rating , reports , jobs and
subscribe .
● At top right , From search bar admin can search companies with email , location
and companies name .
● Red flag show for reported companies .On click of red flag admin can see the
report reason.
Subusers:
● Display a list of all sub users with name , location, company , Email address ,
status ,action.
● From action , Admin can change their profile status from block to unblock and
delete the Subuser.
● At top right , From the search bar admin can search companies with email ,
location and Subuser name .
Tradies:
● Displays a list of all registered Tradies with profile image , name , Skill category ,
job completed , location , badge , rating ,actions.
● From action , admin can change their profile status from block to unblock, view
all details .
● Admin can filter the companies on the basis of skill categories, rating , reports
and badge .
● At top right , From Search bar Admin can search companies with email , location
and company name .
● Red flag show for reported Tradies .On click of red flag admin can see the report
reason.
Post over wall :
• In this , show all posted photos or videos by tradie in application.
• Admin can View and delete the post .
Subscription:
Subscription Plans:
• Displays all added plans and you can change their status deactivate to activate and edit
the plans .
• At the right top , new subscription plan button you add the new plan for monthly and
yearly .
• If nobody buy any plans then admin can delete that plans .
Add -on plans:
• Display all the feature add in pay-as-you-go plan and edit and delete the feature .
• At the right top, new ad-on button you add the new feature in pay-as-you-go plan.
Subcribers:
• Display lists of all subscribers with their plan, frequency(no. of days ) , organisation, job
posting , talent match , start date , end date .
• Admin can filter out with expiring this week , expiring this month , expired subscription
, subscribers this month .
Skill Categories:
• The display lists all skill categories and the admin can edit the skill category .
• At the right top, a new skill category button adds the new skill category.
• From the search bar you can search any skill category.
Badges:
• Display lists all badges and admin can edit .
• If any tradie cannot use the badges then admin can deactivate and delete the badges .
• At the right top , a new badge button admin can add a new badge .
Feedback:
● The Feedback page will display all submitted feedback from companies and tradies.
○ Click on the all tap ,show all user feedback .
○ Click on the companies tap ,show companies user feedback
○ Click on the Tradies tap , show tradies user feedback
● By clicking the View button, the super admin can view individual feedback entries.
Settings;
General settings :
● Admin can change the website logo , website name ,website favicon, email , location
,Facebook link , Instagram link and linkedin link for the whole website .
● Admin can also change settings for feedback popup for companies and tradies
For companies:
● Number of Days: Allows the admin to select how many days after registration the 
feedback popup should appear for new users.
● Status: Allows the admin to enable or disable the feedback popup form.
For Tradies:
● Number of Days: Allows the admin to select how many days after registration the 
feedback popup should appear for new tradies.
● Status: Allows the admin to enable or disable the feedback popup form.
The feedback popup is scheduled based on the number of days set by the admin—such as 1, 2, or
3 days after a tradie's registration. If no feedback is submitted, the popup will continue to appear
for three consecutive days from the first display. After that, it will automatically disappear,
regardless of whether the user has responded.
In the feedback popup settings for Tradies or Companies, if the admin sets the number of days to
zero, the status should automatically be disabled tradies or companies.
SMTP settings:
Admin can change the details of SMTP like SMTP username , SMTP password ,SMTP from
email , SMTP host , SMTP port , SMTP encryption .
Profile:
In the profile page , show all details about the admin.
At the right top , the “Edit Profile” button allows the admin to update their first name, last
name, email, mobile number, profile picture, and password..
Logout:
Admin can logout from the screen .
Flow for Sub Users within the Web panel:
Company users can add subuser under their company , after adding email sent in your register
email for a set password .
Login as Sub Users:
For login , Sub users need to input a registered email address and password .
After entering the details Sub user can login and redirect on the Dashboard .
Forgot password :
If the Sub user forgot their password then click on the forgot password link on the login page .
After clicking on the forgot password ,it redirects to the Forgot password page . The Sub user
enters the register email and clicks on the reset button . Email sent to register email for reset
password .
Once the password is set , the Sub user redirects to the Login page .
Dashboard :
In the dashboard , show the total number of jobs , number of ongoing jobs , number of
upcoming jobs , number of complete jobs and number of endorsement posts .
Dashboard displays ongoing jobs , upcoming jobs , complete jobs and Job status graph .
At the top of the right side new jobs and jobs button is shown .Click on the new jobs button ,it
redirects on the create job page and on click jobs button , it redirects on the job posted page .
Options in Dashboard :
Search : From the search bar ,users can search anything related to the Subuser .
Notifications: Displays a list of all notifications related to Subuser .
Message : Display all the chat with all users is shown .
Profile icon: Click on the profile icon 3 options is shown i.e My profile , Need help ? and sign
out button .
● Click on the My profile it redirect on the profile page
● Click on need help? It redirect on the contact us page
● Click on the sign out company sub user logout from screen .
Menu: Tapping on the menu icon reveals options on the left side of the top bar.
Sub user will be shown the below mentioned menu options:
Dashboard: Redirect back to dashboard screen .
Post new job: Redirect to job create page .
Jobs: Navigates to jobs screen .
Endorsement posts: Redirect to the Endorsement post screen.
Profile: Displays the profile screen .
Logout : Company user logout from the screen .
Message : Open the Message screen .
Notifications: Open the Notification screen.
Jobs :
Draft Jobs :
All drafted Jobs show in the draft tab.
Open Jobs :
• Lists all new posted jobs by Subusers.
• On click the action view button ,Subuser can see all detail about that job .
• On click the location button , Subuser user redirect on the google map . 
Job detail page in open jobs:
• Click on the tick ,Sub user can hired that Tradie .
• Click on the reject icon , Sub user can reject that Tradie.
• Click on the message icon , Sub user doing chat with tradie .
• Click on the name of tradie , see their profile and posts .
• By clicking on the report icon , Sub user can report that tradie .
• By clicking on star feedback ,Sub users can give the rating and feedback of tradie .
Upcoming Jobs :
• Sub user creates a job for future dates and hires any tradie .
• Sub users create job on the same day and no. of employees is less than hired employees
.
Job detail page in open jobs:
• Click on the reject icon , Subuser can reject that Tradie.
• Click on the message icon , Subuser chatting with tradie .
• Click on the name of any tradie , see their profile and posts .
• By clicking on an extended date , Subuser can job extend for tradie.
• By clicking on the report icon , Subuser can report that tradie .
• By clicking on star feedback ,Subuser can give the rating and feedback of tradie .
Ongoing Jobs :
• Displays a list of all ongoing jobs posted by the Sub user .
• A cron job runs every hour. It checks if there is any job whose start date is today. If any
hiring has happened for that job, it moves the job to ongoing.
• When a Sub user creates a job with today's date and hires all the required tradies, the job
also moves to ongoing.
Job detail page in Ongoing jobs:
• Click on the reject icon ,Sub user can reject that Tradie.
• Click on the message icon , Sub user doing chat with tradie .
• Click on name of any tradie , see their profile and posts .
• By click on extended date , Subuser can job extend for tradie.
• By click on report icon , Subuser can report that tradie .
• By click on star feedback ,Subuser can give the rating and feedback of tradie .
Complete Jobs :
• Displays a list of all completed jobs by the Subuser.
Job detail page in open jobs:
• Click on the reject icon, Subuser can reject the tradie.
• Click on the flag icon , Subuser can report the tradie with reason .
• Click on the star button , Subuser can give the rating and feedback of tradie .
• Click on the message icon , Subuser user doing chat with tradie .
Endorsement post :
• View the list of posts posted by tradie realty to their company profile. Subuser can Like,
comment, and view .
• By clicking on the view button , the Subuser can see all details of the post .
• By clicking on the like button , Subuser can like the post .
• By clicking on the comment button , Subuser can write the comment on that post .
Profile:
In the profile page , show all the details about the Subuser.
At the right top , edit profile button Subuser can change first name , last name , email, mobile ,
profile picture and password .
Logout:
Subuser can logout from the screen .
Mobile App flow for Tradies:
1. Download and Installation: Users can download and install the app from both the App Store
and Play Store.
2. Splash Screen: On tapping the app icon, Tradies would be greeted with a splash screen
displaying the app's logo.
3. Login Screen: Existing Tradies can log in using registered email and password .
New Tradie will be redirected to the "Create Account " option on the login screen.
4. Registration:
• Tradies selecting "Create Account " will redirect to the registration screen, Tradie will
input their personal details like First name, last name, email address, phone number,
address, ABN and password , click on the terms and condition and submit all detail
by clicking on the register button .
• After clicking on the register button, , an OTP will be sent to the registered email
address.
• Once the OTP is entered, the Tradie is redirected to the Information Page. On the
information page, mandatory fields are first name , last name , email address, phone
number, address, ABN ,skill , Experience Range and Non mandatory fields are
Trade License and other certificates. After filling in the details, the Tradie can save
the information.
Feedback popup :
● The feedback popup will appear days after(according to the admin panel setting section)
for users as per their registration date. Also, it will be shown next 3 days as well
according to the set days if users do not save the feedback, after that popup will
disappear without consideration of whether the user is submitting any feedback or not.
● Once a tradie submits feedback:
○ The feedback is saved.
○ The popup will no longer appear for that user.
● If the tradie has not submitted feedback:
○ If the user kills or closes the app, the feedback popup will re-appear upon
reopening.
Home Screen:
• After a successful login or registration, the Home Screen displays a list of activities
related to the user's connections/friends, along with job posts and ads from
companies that best match the user's profile.
• Users can select any activity related to their connections from the list and view details.
• Users can like/dislike and comment on posts.
Home Screen Options:
Menu: Tapping on the menu icon will display options on the left side of the top bar.
Notifications: Display a list of all notifications related to jobs posted by companies.
Location button: Allows Tradies to search for jobs. Filters can be applied to narrow down job
listings by category. Users can view job details and apply directly.
Bottom bar menu: The Bottom bar menu will consist of the below mentioned options:
Home : Take users back to the main home screen.
Create post (+) : Navigate to the create post page .
Messages : Open the Messages screen.
Works: Open the Jobs screen.
Profile: Opens the user's Profile screen.
Left Menu Options: User will be shown below mentioned menu options as:
Settings : Settings will consist of the below mentioned options:
1. Account
● Delete Account: Deactivate the account .
● Change Password: Change the password of the account.
2. Feed Preferences : Select your preferences and selected preferences post show in the
home page.
3. Notification :
Message Notification : Toggle message notifications on or off..
Contact Us : Redirect to the Contact page .
About Us : Redirect to the About Us page
Help & Feedback : Redirect to the Help and feedback form .
Terms & Conditions : Navigates to the Terms and conditions page .
Privacy Policy : Navigates to the Privacy policy page .
Logout: Logs the Tradie out of the app.
Message:
● All chat messages are displayed in this section.
● A plus (+) button at the bottom allows Tradies to search for connections and invite other
Tradies
● At the right top , the Friend icon is shown. Click on the friend icon two tabs is shown:
 Friend list : Display all friends, users can remove friends or send messages to your friend .
 Friend Request : Shows incoming friend requests from other Tradies, with options to
accept or reject.
Create post (+) :
● Tradie can create a post by adding a title, post description, location , skill and tag any
company or tradie for endorsement .
● For adding posts, one photo or one video , post title , post description are mandatory
fields.
● The skill , tag of any company or connection for endorsement are non mandatory/
optional fields.
Work:
Applied: Displays all jobs the Tradie has applied for.
Upcoming: Shows upcoming jobs accepted by the company, with details and options to 
withdraw. If tradie withdraws job prior 48 hours then half rating average detected from tradie
profile .
Ongoing: Displays a list of ongoing jobs for the tradie , with option to view details and 
withdraw from a job.
Complete: Displays a list of all completed jobs, allowing tradie to view job details and provide
ratings to the company. Tradie can also report to the company .
Profile:
Profile Screen: The Profile screen displays the user's personal details, including skills and
experience. It also provides options to manage posts and edit profile information..
Posts :
● Tradies can view all posts they have created. These posts are visible to their connections,
and companies can review both the tradie's profile and posts.
● Tradies can edit their posts within 2 days of publishing and have the option to delete
them at any time.